docs/scripting/functions/GameTextForPlayer.md, before:

---
title: GameTextForPlayer
description: Shows 'game text' (on-screen text) for a certain length of time for a specific player.
tags: ["player"]
---

## Description

Shows 'game text' (on-screen text) for a certain length of time for a specific player.

| Name             | Description                                                       |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| playerid         | The ID of the player to show the gametext for.                    |
| const string[]   | The text to be displayed.                                         |
| time             | The duration of the text being shown in milliseconds.             |
| style            | The [style](../resources/gametextstyles) of text to be displayed. |
| OPEN_MP_TAGS:... | Indefinite number of arguments of any tag.                        |

## Returns

1: The function executed successfully. Success is reported when the style and/or time is invalid. Nothing will happen though (no text displayed). May also cause game crashes.

0: The function failed to execute. This means either the string is null or the player is not connected.

## Examples

```c
public OnPlayerDeath(playerid, killerid, reason)
{
    GameTextForPlayer(playerid, "Wasted", 5000, 2);

    if (killerid != INVALID_PLAYER_ID)
    {
        new name[MAX_PLAYER_NAME];
        GetPlayerName(playerid, name, sizeof(name));

        GameTextForPlayer(killerid, "~w~You killed ~r~%s", 3000, 3, name);
    }
    return 1;
}
```

## Notes

:::warning

Do note that the players may crash because of odd number of tilde (~) symbols used in the game text. Using color codes (e.g. ~r~) beyond the 255th character may crash the client.

Also, a blank space at end of the string may result in faliure. For example: `"Headshot "` results in failure. Instead it should be `"Headshot"` or `"Headshot_"`.

:::

## Related Functions

- [HideGameTextForPlayer](HideGameTextForPlayer): Stop showing a gametext style to a player.
- [GameTextForAll](GameTextForAll): Display gametext to all players.
- [HideGameTextForAll](HideGameTextForAll): Stop showing a gametext style for all players.
- [TextDrawShowForAll](TextDrawShowForAll): Show a textdraw for all players.

Commit message:

Add more player documents (#816)
* add ClearPlayerWorldBounds.md

* add GetGameText.md

* add GetPlayerRotationQuat.md

* add GetPlayerSpectateID.md

* add GetPlayerSpectateType.md

* add GetPlayerSurfingOffsets.md

* add GetPlayerWorldBounds.md

* add GetPlayerZAim.md

* add HasGameText.md

* add IsPlayerSpawned.md

* add IsPlayerWidescreenToggled.md

* add TogglePlayerWidescreen.md

* add callbacks/OnScriptCash.md

* add resources/spectatetypes.md

* update GameTextForPlayer.md

* update GetPlayerCameraPos.md

* update GetPlayerFacingAngle.md

* update GetPlayerSurfingObjectID.md

* update GetPlayerSurfingVehicleID.md

* update HideGameTextForPlayer.md

* update PlayerSpectatePlayer.md

* update PlayerSpectateVehicle.md

* update SetPlayerFacingAngle.md

* update SetPlayerWorldBounds.md

* update SpawnPlayer.md

docs/scripting/functions/GameTextForPlayer.md, after:

---
title: GameTextForPlayer
description: Shows 'game text' (on-screen text) for a certain length of time for a specific player.
tags: ["player"]
---

## Description

Shows 'game text' (on-screen text) for a certain length of time for a specific player.

| Name             | Description                                                       |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| playerid         | The ID of the player to show the gametext for.                    |
| const string[]   | The text to be displayed.                                         |
| time             | The duration of the text being shown in milliseconds.             |
| style            | The [style](../resources/gametextstyles) of text to be displayed. |
| OPEN_MP_TAGS:... | Indefinite number of arguments of any tag.                        |

## Returns

1: The function executed successfully. Success is reported when the style and/or time is invalid. Nothing will happen though (no text displayed). May also cause game crashes.

0: The function failed to execute. This means either the string is null or the player is not connected.

## Examples

```c
public OnPlayerDeath(playerid, killerid, reason)
{
    GameTextForPlayer(playerid, "Wasted", 5000, 2);

    if (killerid != INVALID_PLAYER_ID)
    {
        new name[MAX_PLAYER_NAME];
        GetPlayerName(playerid, name, sizeof(name));

        GameTextForPlayer(killerid, "~w~You killed ~r~%s", 3000, 3, name);
    }
    return 1;
}
```

## Notes

:::warning

Do note that the players may crash because of odd number of tilde (~) symbols used in the game text. Using color codes (e.g. ~r~) beyond the 255th character may crash the client.

Also, a blank space at end of the string may result in faliure. For example: `"Headshot "` results in failure. Instead it should be `"Headshot"` or `"Headshot_"`.

:::

## Related Functions

- [HideGameTextForPlayer](HideGameTextForPlayer): Stop showing a gametext style to a player.
- [GameTextForAll](GameTextForAll): Display gametext to all players.
- [HideGameTextForAll](HideGameTextForAll): Stop showing a gametext style for all players.
- [GetGameText](GetGameText): Gets all the information on the given game text style.
- [HasGameText](HasGameText): Does the player currently have text in the given gametext style displayed?
- [TextDrawShowForAll](TextDrawShowForAll): Show a textdraw for all players.
