docs/scripting/functions/SetPlayerWorldBounds.md, before:

---
title: SetPlayerWorldBounds
description: Set the world boundaries for a player.
tags: ["player"]
---

## Description

Set the world boundaries for a player. Players can not go out of the boundaries (they will be pushed back in).

| Name        | Description                                          |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| playerid    | The ID of the player to set the world boundaries of. |
| Float:x_max | The maximum X coordinate the player can go to.       |
| Float:x_min | The minimum X coordinate the player can go to.       |
| Float:y_max | The maximum Y coordinate the player can go to.       |
| Float:y_min | The minimum Y coordinate the player can go to.       |

## Returns

This function does not return any specific values.

## Examples

```c
public OnPlayerSpawn(playerid)
{
    SetPlayerWorldBounds(playerid, 20.0, 0.0, 20.0, 0.0);
    return 1;
}
```

```
               (North)
                ymax
            |----------|
            |          |
(West) xmin |          | xmax (East)
            |          |
            |----------|
                ymin
               (South)
```

## Notes

:::tip

A player's world boundaries can be reset by setting them to 20000.0000, -20000.0000, 20000.0000, -20000.0000. These are the default values.

:::

:::warning

This function doesn't work in interiors!

:::

## Related Functions

- [GangZoneCreate](GangZoneCreate): Create a gangzone.

Commit message:

Add more player documents (#816)
* add ClearPlayerWorldBounds.md

* add GetGameText.md

* add GetPlayerRotationQuat.md

* add GetPlayerSpectateID.md

* add GetPlayerSpectateType.md

* add GetPlayerSurfingOffsets.md

* add GetPlayerWorldBounds.md

* add GetPlayerZAim.md

* add HasGameText.md

* add IsPlayerSpawned.md

* add IsPlayerWidescreenToggled.md

* add TogglePlayerWidescreen.md

* add callbacks/OnScriptCash.md

* add resources/spectatetypes.md

* update GameTextForPlayer.md

* update GetPlayerCameraPos.md

* update GetPlayerFacingAngle.md

* update GetPlayerSurfingObjectID.md

* update GetPlayerSurfingVehicleID.md

* update HideGameTextForPlayer.md

* update PlayerSpectatePlayer.md

* update PlayerSpectateVehicle.md

* update SetPlayerFacingAngle.md

* update SetPlayerWorldBounds.md

* update SpawnPlayer.md

docs/scripting/functions/SetPlayerWorldBounds.md, after:

---
title: SetPlayerWorldBounds
description: Set the world boundaries for a player.
tags: ["player"]
---

## Description

Set the world boundaries for a player. Players can not go out of the boundaries (they will be pushed back in).

| Name        | Description                                          |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| playerid    | The ID of the player to set the world boundaries of. |
| Float:x_max | The maximum X coordinate the player can go to.       |
| Float:x_min | The minimum X coordinate the player can go to.       |
| Float:y_max | The maximum Y coordinate the player can go to.       |
| Float:y_min | The minimum Y coordinate the player can go to.       |

## Returns

This function does not return any specific values.

## Examples

```c
public OnPlayerSpawn(playerid)
{
    SetPlayerWorldBounds(playerid, 20.0, 0.0, 20.0, 0.0);
    return 1;
}
```

```
               (North)
                ymax
            |----------|
            |          |
(West) xmin |          | xmax (East)
            |          |
            |----------|
                ymin
               (South)
```

## Notes

:::tip

A player's world boundaries can be reset by setting them to 20000.0000, -20000.0000, 20000.0000, -20000.0000. These are the default values. You can also use [ClearPlayerWorldBounds](ClearPlayerWorldBounds).

:::

:::warning

This function doesn't work in interiors!

:::

## Related Functions

- [ClearPlayerWorldBounds](ClearPlayerWorldBounds): Reset the player's world boundaries to default world boundaries.
- [GetPlayerWorldBounds](GetPlayerWorldBounds): Get a player's world boundaries.
- [GangZoneCreate](GangZoneCreate): Create a gangzone.
