docs/scripting/functions/SetPlayerFacingAngle.md, before:

---
title: SetPlayerFacingAngle
description: Set a player's facing angle (Z rotation).
tags: ["player"]
---

## Description

Set a player's facing angle (Z rotation).

| Name      | Description                                      |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| playerid  | The ID of the player to set the facing angle of. |
| Float:ang | The angle the player should face.                |

## Returns

1: The function executed successfully.

0: The function failed to execute. The player specified does not exist.

## Examples

```c
SetPlayerFacingAngle( playerid, 0 ); //Player faces north
```

```
        north (0)
           |
(90) west-   -east (270)      (Good way to remember: Never Eat Shredded Wheat)
           |
        south (180)
```

## Notes

:::warning

Angles are reversed in GTA:SA; 90 degrees would be East in the real world, but in GTA:SA 90 degrees is in fact West. North and South are still 0/360 and 180. To convert this, simply do 360 - angle.

:::

## Related Functions

- [GetPlayerFacingAngle](GetPlayerFacingAngle): Check where a player is facing.
- [SetPlayerPos](SetPlayerPos): Set a player's position.

Commit message:

Add more player documents (#816)
* add ClearPlayerWorldBounds.md

* add GetGameText.md

* add GetPlayerRotationQuat.md

* add GetPlayerSpectateID.md

* add GetPlayerSpectateType.md

* add GetPlayerSurfingOffsets.md

* add GetPlayerWorldBounds.md

* add GetPlayerZAim.md

* add HasGameText.md

* add IsPlayerSpawned.md

* add IsPlayerWidescreenToggled.md

* add TogglePlayerWidescreen.md

* add callbacks/OnScriptCash.md

* add resources/spectatetypes.md

* update GameTextForPlayer.md

* update GetPlayerCameraPos.md

* update GetPlayerFacingAngle.md

* update GetPlayerSurfingObjectID.md

* update GetPlayerSurfingVehicleID.md

* update HideGameTextForPlayer.md

* update PlayerSpectatePlayer.md

* update PlayerSpectateVehicle.md

* update SetPlayerFacingAngle.md

* update SetPlayerWorldBounds.md

* update SpawnPlayer.md

docs/scripting/functions/SetPlayerFacingAngle.md, after:

---
title: SetPlayerFacingAngle
description: Set a player's facing angle (Z rotation).
tags: ["player"]
---

## Description

Set a player's facing angle (Z rotation).

| Name      | Description                                      |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| playerid  | The ID of the player to set the facing angle of. |
| Float:ang | The angle the player should face.                |

## Returns

1: The function executed successfully.

0: The function failed to execute. The player specified does not exist.

## Examples

```c
SetPlayerFacingAngle( playerid, 0 ); //Player faces north
```

```
        north (0)
           |
(90) west-   -east (270)      (Good way to remember: Never Eat Shredded Wheat)
           |
        south (180)
```

## Notes

:::warning

Angles are reversed in GTA:SA; 90 degrees would be East in the real world, but in GTA:SA 90 degrees is in fact West. North and South are still 0/360 and 180. To convert this, simply do 360 - angle.

:::

## Related Functions

- [GetPlayerFacingAngle](GetPlayerFacingAngle): Check where a player is facing.
- [GetPlayerRotationQuat](GetPlayerRotationQuat): Get the quaternion rotation of a player.
- [SetPlayerPos](SetPlayerPos): Set a player's position.
