frontend/i18n/zh-cn/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/scripting/functions/IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone.md, before:

---
title: IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone
description: Check if the player in player gangzone
tags: ["player", "gangzone", "playergangzone"]
---

<VersionWarn version='omp v1.1.0.2612' />

## Description

Check if the player in player gangzone.

| Name        | Description                                                      |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| playerid    | The ID of the player to whom player gangzone is bound.           |
| zoneid      | The ID of the player gangzone.                                   |

## Returns

**true** - The player is in player gangzone.

**false** - The player is not in player gangzone.

## Examples

```c
new gGangZoneID[MAX_PLAYERS];

public OnPlayerConnect(playerid)
{
    // Create the gangzone
    gGangZoneID[playerid] = CreatePlayerGangZone(playerid, 2236.1475, 2424.7266, 2319.1636, 2502.4348);
    return 1;
}

public OnPlayerCommandText(playerid, cmdtext[])
{
    if (!strcmp(cmdtext, "/zone", true))
    {
        if (IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone(playerid, gGangZoneID[playerid]))
        {
            SendClientMessage(playerid, 0x00FF00FF, "You are in the gangzone.");
        }
        else
        {
            SendClientMessage(playerid, 0xFF0000FF, "You are not in the gangzone.");
        }
        return 1;
    }
    return 0;
}
```

## Related Functions

- [CreatePlayerGangZone](CreatePlayerGangZone): Create player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneDestroy](PlayerGangZoneDestroy): Destroy player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneShow](PlayerGangZoneShow): Show player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneHide](PlayerGangZoneHide): Hide player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneFlash](PlayerGangZoneFlash): Start player gangzone flash.
- [PlayerGangZoneStopFlash](PlayerGangZoneStopFlash): Stop player gangzone flash.
- [PlayerGangZoneGetFlashColour](PlayerGangZoneGetFlashColour): Get the flashing colour of a player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneGetColour](PlayerGangZoneGetColour): Get the colour of a player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneGetPos](PlayerGangZoneGetPos): Get the position of a gangzone, represented by minX, minY, maxX, maxY coordinates.
- [IsValidPlayerGangZone](IsValidPlayerGangZone): Check if the player gangzone valid.
- [IsPlayerGangZoneVisible](IsPlayerGangZoneVisible): Check if the player gangzone is visible.
- [IsPlayerGangZoneFlashing](IsPlayerGangZoneFlashing): Check if the player gangzone is flashing.
- [UsePlayerGangZoneCheck](UsePlayerGangZoneCheck): Enables the callback when a player enters/leaves this zone.

Commit message:

add sidebar label to all pages with available titles

frontend/i18n/zh-cn/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/scripting/functions/IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone.md, after:

---
title: IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone
sidebar_label: IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone
description: Check if the player in player gangzone
tags: ["player", "gangzone", "playergangzone"]
---

<VersionWarn version='omp v1.1.0.2612' />

## Description

Check if the player in player gangzone.

| Name        | Description                                                      |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| playerid    | The ID of the player to whom player gangzone is bound.           |
| zoneid      | The ID of the player gangzone.                                   |

## Returns

**true** - The player is in player gangzone.

**false** - The player is not in player gangzone.

## Examples

```c
new gGangZoneID[MAX_PLAYERS];

public OnPlayerConnect(playerid)
{
    // Create the gangzone
    gGangZoneID[playerid] = CreatePlayerGangZone(playerid, 2236.1475, 2424.7266, 2319.1636, 2502.4348);
    return 1;
}

public OnPlayerCommandText(playerid, cmdtext[])
{
    if (!strcmp(cmdtext, "/zone", true))
    {
        if (IsPlayerInPlayerGangZone(playerid, gGangZoneID[playerid]))
        {
            SendClientMessage(playerid, 0x00FF00FF, "You are in the gangzone.");
        }
        else
        {
            SendClientMessage(playerid, 0xFF0000FF, "You are not in the gangzone.");
        }
        return 1;
    }
    return 0;
}
```

## Related Functions

- [CreatePlayerGangZone](CreatePlayerGangZone): Create player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneDestroy](PlayerGangZoneDestroy): Destroy player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneShow](PlayerGangZoneShow): Show player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneHide](PlayerGangZoneHide): Hide player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneFlash](PlayerGangZoneFlash): Start player gangzone flash.
- [PlayerGangZoneStopFlash](PlayerGangZoneStopFlash): Stop player gangzone flash.
- [PlayerGangZoneGetFlashColour](PlayerGangZoneGetFlashColour): Get the flashing colour of a player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneGetColour](PlayerGangZoneGetColour): Get the colour of a player gangzone.
- [PlayerGangZoneGetPos](PlayerGangZoneGetPos): Get the position of a gangzone, represented by minX, minY, maxX, maxY coordinates.
- [IsValidPlayerGangZone](IsValidPlayerGangZone): Check if the player gangzone valid.
- [IsPlayerGangZoneVisible](IsPlayerGangZoneVisible): Check if the player gangzone is visible.
- [IsPlayerGangZoneFlashing](IsPlayerGangZoneFlashing): Check if the player gangzone is flashing.
- [UsePlayerGangZoneCheck](UsePlayerGangZoneCheck): Enables the callback when a player enters/leaves this zone.
