frontend/docs/scripting/functions/db_debug_openfiles.md, before:

---
title: db_debug_openfiles
sidebar_label: db_debug_openfiles
description: Gets the number of open database connections for debugging purposes.
tags: ["sqlite"]
---

<LowercaseNote />

## Description

The function gets the number of open database connections for debugging purposes.

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |

## Related Functions

- [db_open](db_open): Open a connection to an SQLite database
- [db_close](db_close): Close the connection to an SQLite database
- [db_query](db_query): Query an SQLite database
- [db_free_result](db_free_result): Free result memory from a db_query
- [db_num_rows](db_num_rows): Get the number of rows in a result
- [db_next_row](db_next_row): Move to the next row
- [db_num_fields](db_num_fields): Get the number of fields in a result
- [db_field_name](db_field_name): Returns the name of a field at a particular index
- [db_get_field](db_get_field): Get content of field with specified ID from current result row
- [db_get_field_assoc](db_get_field_assoc): Get content of field with specified name from current result row
- [db_get_field_int](db_get_field_int): Get content of field as an integer with specified ID from current result row
- [db_get_field_assoc_int](db_get_field_assoc_int): Get content of field as an integer with specified name from current result row
- [db_get_field_float](db_get_field_float): Get content of field as a float with specified ID from current result row
- [db_get_field_assoc_float](db_get_field_assoc_float): Get content of field as a float with specified name from current result row
- [db_get_mem_handle](db_get_mem_handle): Get memory handle for an SQLite database that was opened with db_open.
- [db_get_result_mem_handle](db_get_result_mem_handle): Get memory handle for an SQLite query that was executed with db_query.
- [db_debug_openresults](db_debug_openresults): The function gets the number of open database results.

Commit message:

add deprecated message for old sqlite db functions

frontend/docs/scripting/functions/db_debug_openfiles.md, after:

---
title: db_debug_openfiles
sidebar_label: db_debug_openfiles
description: Gets the number of open database connections for debugging purposes.
tags: ["sqlite"]
---

<LowercaseNote />

:::warning

This function is deprecated. Please see [DB_GetDatabaseConnectionCount](DB_GetDatabaseConnectionCount).

:::

## Description

The function gets the number of open database connections for debugging purposes.

## Related Functions

- [db_open](db_open): Open a connection to an SQLite database
- [db_close](db_close): Close the connection to an SQLite database
- [db_query](db_query): Query an SQLite database
- [db_free_result](db_free_result): Free result memory from a db_query
- [db_num_rows](db_num_rows): Get the number of rows in a result
- [db_next_row](db_next_row): Move to the next row
- [db_num_fields](db_num_fields): Get the number of fields in a result
- [db_field_name](db_field_name): Returns the name of a field at a particular index
- [db_get_field](db_get_field): Get content of field with specified ID from current result row
- [db_get_field_assoc](db_get_field_assoc): Get content of field with specified name from current result row
- [db_get_field_int](db_get_field_int): Get content of field as an integer with specified ID from current result row
- [db_get_field_assoc_int](db_get_field_assoc_int): Get content of field as an integer with specified name from current result row
- [db_get_field_float](db_get_field_float): Get content of field as a float with specified ID from current result row
- [db_get_field_assoc_float](db_get_field_assoc_float): Get content of field as a float with specified name from current result row
- [db_get_mem_handle](db_get_mem_handle): Get memory handle for an SQLite database that was opened with db_open.
- [db_get_result_mem_handle](db_get_result_mem_handle): Get memory handle for an SQLite query that was executed with db_query.
- [db_debug_openresults](db_debug_openresults): The function gets the number of open database results.
