docs/scripting/callbacks/OnScriptCash.md, before:

---
title: OnScriptCash
description: This callback is called when something in-game like casinos give the player money.
tags: ["player"]
---

:::warning

This callback is currently NOT working.

:::

## Description

This callback is called when something in-game like casinos give the player money.

| Name     | Description                                     |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------|
| playerid | The ID of the player who got cash from the game |
| amount   | The amount of cash given or taken               |
| source   | Where the money came from                       |

## Returns

...

## Examples

```c
// Imaginary:

public OnScriptCash(playerid, amount, source)
{
    if (source == SCRIPT_CASH_CASINO)
    {
        SendClientMessage(playerid, -1, "You have won $%d from the casino!", amount);
    }
    else if (source == SCRIPT_CASH_VENDING_MACHINE)
    {
        SendClientMessage(playerid, -1, "You buyed a coke from vending machine for $%d", amount);
    }
    return 1;
}
```

## Related Callbacks

The following callbacks might be useful, as they're related to this callback in one way or another. 

...

Commit message:

Finish translating all callbacks to frensh (#886)
* Translate AddCharModel.md to frensh

* Translate AddMenuItem.md to frensh

* translate AddPlayerClass.md to frensh

* translate AddPlayerClassEx.md to frensh

* translate AddSimpleModel.md to frensh

* Update AddSimpleModel.md and the ::: thing

* Update AddPlayerClassEx.md

* Update AddPlayerClass.md

* Update AddMenuItem.md

* Update AddCharModel.md

* Translate sa-mp.cfg.md to frensh

* Create _.md

* Create OnClientCheckResponse.md

* Create OnNPCConnect.md

* Delete docs/translations/fr/scripting/Callbacks/--- title: OnNPCConnect description: Ce rappel est appelé lorsqu'un PNJ se connecte avec succès au serveur. tags: ["npc"] ---  <VersionWarn name='callback' version='SA-MP 0.3a'  directory

* Create OnNPCConnect.md

* Create OnNPCDisconnect.md

* Create OnNPCEnterVehicle.md

* Create OnNPCExitVehicle.md

* Create OnNPCModeExit

* Create OnNPCModeInit.md

* Create OnNPCSpawn.md

* Create OnPickupStreamIn.md

* Create OnPickupStreamOut.md

* Create OnPlayerClickGangZone.md

* Create OnPlayerEnterGangZone.md

* Create OnPlayerEnterPlayerGangZone.md

* Create OnPlayerPickUpPlayerPickup.md

* Create OnPlayerPickupStreamIn.md

* Create OnPlayerPickupStreamOut.md

* Create OnRecordingPlaybackEnd.md

* Create OnScriptCash.md

* Update OnScriptCash.md

* Update docs/scripting/callbacks/OnScriptCash.md

Co-authored-by: Adib <microsoftuser3030@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Adib <microsoftuser3030@gmail.com>

docs/scripting/callbacks/OnScriptCash.md, after:

---
title: OnScriptCash
description: This callback is called when something in-game like casinos give the player money.
tags: ["player"]
---

:::warning

This callback is currently NOT working.

:::

## Description

This callback is called when something in-game like casinos give the player money.

| Name     | Description                                     |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------|
| playerid | The ID of the player who got cash from the game |
| amount   | The amount of cash given or taken               |
| source   | Where the money came from                       |

## Returns

Unknown as this function does not currently work.

## Examples

```c
// Imaginary:

public OnScriptCash(playerid, amount, source)
{
    if (source == SCRIPT_CASH_CASINO)
    {
        SendClientMessage(playerid, -1, "You have won $%d from the casino!", amount);
    }
    else if (source == SCRIPT_CASH_VENDING_MACHINE)
    {
        SendClientMessage(playerid, -1, "You buyed a coke from vending machine for $%d", amount);
    }
    return 1;
}
```

## Related Functions

The following functions might be useful, as they're related to this callback in one way or another. 

- [GetPlayerMoney](../functions/GetPlayerMoney): Retrieves the amount of money a player has.
