---
slug: 10k-members
title: 10,000 Members!
authors: potassium
---

<!-- truncate -->

Hey everyone!

We reached an amazing milestone recently: we officially hit 10,000 USERS in our Discord! 🥳🔟🥳

We thought we would take this opportunity to give a small update as we know it's been a while and everyone is wondering what's going on!

As all of the dev team has full-time jobs and other commitments, we have all really been messed around with the COVID situation. That means that we have not had much time to dedicate to open.mp for a while now.

But things have picked up again recently, we are still alive, the project is truly moving along faster than ever, and we have made more progress in the last few weeks than we have in a long time!

We are so proud of the work going into this, and of the amazing refined team we have.

We will give more detailed info in the coming months, but we just wanted to make sure everyone knows we have not abandoned open.mp, the passion is still there, and we are doing the best we can. So please stick with us as we will have some news and some screenshots and videos very soon!

In the meantime, come hang out with us on Discord! Thank you to all 10,000+ of you 🥰

Our Discord server is a warm and welcoming spot for players and friends of ALL San Andreas multiplayer mods and communities! Some of the things we promote are:

✅ Community: Hang out with the regulars, meet new people, find old friends and veteran players, find people from your country/region in the language-specific channels, meet people from SA-MP / MTA / other multiplayer mods

✅ Scripting: Learn to script, get help with your scripts, help others

✅ Server advertisements: Show off your SA-MP server in the dedicated channels

✅ Programming and tech: Discuss and get help with other programming languages and software development, tech support, meet other like-minded people to work with

✅ Gaming: Find people to play games with (not just SA!), discuss gaming news and updates

✅ Showcase: Are you a YouTuber? Streamer? Artist? Make cool music? Are you a chef? Maybe you fish? Or build cars? Whatever you're proud of, show it off!

✅ open.mp: Stay up to date with the latest open.mp development progress and GitHub movements, hang out with the team, watch our Discord VIP-exclusive dev streams when they are back up and running!
