---
slug: update-2022
title: 2022 Update - cross-play and beta testing (Happy New Year 🎉)
authors: iamir
---

<!-- truncate -->

Hey there everyone!

After 3 years since open.mp's exposure, through experiments and rewrites, trying and attempting different approaches throughout the years to find what's the best for us and the community, we are finally here. But first, a little back story would be nice to tell:

We started open.mp in early 2019, and gained lots of attention after the exposure. Instead of doing our job in peace we had to rush things a little bit, which raised some problems in our management, team, and codebase. We were far from what we were aiming for. Our implementation was powerful but at the same time complex and hard to continue with. This made it hard for us to follow our roadmap, so decisions had to be made, We started a rewrite.

Rewrite In June 2021, after months of inactivity, the open.mp team decided to start a rewrite, aiming to build a 1:1 SA:MP server replacement (making everything backwards compatible) and add fixes with some new features. Focusing on more important things, and let us add extra features later.

Beta Testing Program And now here we are, starting our first semi-public beta testing program. We're inviting server developers with Pawn skills to help us go through testing everything by checking all natives and expected responses as well as stress testing with their current SA:MP scripts and player-bases. We will link to a beta tester application form after the announcement, feel free to sign up if you think you can help us in this process :)

GTA SA Definitive Edition And last but not least, we are hyped to announce our team started working on a client for Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Definitive Edition! The Definitive Edition client for open.mp will be compatible with open.mp servers! So you can host a server and let people decide which game they want to join the server with! Imagine a single open.mp server, with players using the original San Andreas, Android San Andreas, and San Andreas Definitive Edition, all three together, in the same server, playing with each other. This is our last and hardest attempt to make everything compatible with each other to bring cross-play to the community. So this way - as a server owner - you don't have to worry about a new platform to move to, start over and split your community. Because we let everyone to use their SA:MP scripts on a server where players can decide which game to use to connect to!

Thank you everyone to stay with us in this long exhausting journey, we are proud of this big community we have! Happy New Years 🎉, 2022 is going to be a great year for us, and a change in our beloved multiplayer mod, SA:MP. Love from all of us ❤️

Here is a video of our very first attempt of testing very first version of open.mp GTA San Andreas Definitive Edition client, with SA:MP PC and SA:MP Android client, all three in open.mp server: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PWXXvHe35M

Our beta tester application form can be found here: https://airtable.com/shrjqca2tpgYa9sQL

Reminder that we are looking for beta testers for our open.mp SERVER project currently, it is not related to the CLIENT. This is for scripters/developers, NOT regular players at this time. Please do not send us messages about the client, and do not fill the form if you can't help us test the SERVER side of open.mp. You need to be somewhat good with Pawn and familiar with samp scripting.
