docs/awesome.md, before:

---
title: Awesome
description: A curated list of useful tools, libraries, gamemodes, filterscripts and plugins for SA-MP development.
---

## Tools

- **[Community Compiler](https://github.com/pawn-lang/compiler)** - A vastly updated version of the compiler, with many fixes and enhancements.
- **[sampctl](https://github.com/Southclaws/sampctl)** - Package manager for installing libraries and running your server.
- **[Plugin Runner](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-runner)** - Tool to run a lightweight version of the server directly from command-line (no server.cfg required) for testing plugins.
- **[Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-plugin-boilerplate)** - Making a plugin easier with boilerplate.
- **[SA:MP Plugin Template Library](https://github.com/katursis/samp-ptl)** - Making your own plugins very easy and fast with this template library.
- **[SA-MP Fiddle](https://fiddle.sa-mp.dev)** - A place to test your scripts (snippets, PoC, debugging, etc) and share it to others.
- **[Pawn Syntax - Sublime](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Pawn%20syntax)** - Pawn autocompletes for Sublime Text.
- **[Pawn Syntax - Visual Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=southclaws.vscode-pawn)** - Pawn autocompletes for Visual Studio Code.
- **[SA-MP Zone Editor](https://bitbucket.org/Grimrandomer/samp-zone-editor/downloads)** - Zone Editor for making Area and stuff.
- **[SA-MP Map Editor](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/raw/master/tools/Map%20Editor.zip)** - Popular Map Editor for SA:MP.
- **[open.mp Server Browser](https://github.com/adib-yg/openmp-server-browser)** - open.mp server browser GUI for Desktop.

## Libraries

- **[samp-stdlib](https://github.com/pawn-lang/samp-stdlib)** - Updated versions of the default includes. `const`-correct, documented, and complete.
- **[fixes.inc](https://github.com/pawn-lang/sa-mp-fixes)** - Extremely optmised fixes for a huge number of SA:MP server bugs. Plug-and-play.
- **[YSI-Includes](https://github.com/pawn-lang/YSI-Includes)** - The oldest, largest, most tested, and well supported library for SA:MP/pawn, providing a huge number of new game and language features.
- **[foreach](https://github.com/Open-GTO/foreach)** - foreach standalone include (non y_iterate version).
- **[amx_assembly](https://github.com/Zeex/amx_assembly)** - Low-level access to the pawn script itself.
- **[md-sort](https://github.com/oscar-broman/md-sort)** - Sort multi-dimensional arrays in Pawn. Modifies the array's internal pointers instead of copying around data.
- **[indirection](https://github.com/Y-Less/indirection)** - System for passing pointers and calling functions indirectly, with abstract methods to customise calls.
- **[code-parse.inc](https://github.com/Y-Less/code-parse.inc)** - Parse and customise pawn code at compile-time.
- **[Extended Vehicle Information](https://github.com/Vince0789/sa-mp-extended-vehicle-information)** - Large amounts of vehicle flags from single player into an SQLite Database.
- **[sqlitei](https://github.com/oscar-broman/sqlitei)** - High-level API for the SA-MP SQLite functions.
- **[weapon-config](https://github.com/oscar-broman/samp-weapon-config)** - More consistent and responsive damage system with many new features.
- **[samp-geoip](https://github.com/Southclaws/SAMP-geoip)** - Geographical information based on IP Address.
- **[progress2](https://github.com/Southclaws/progress2)** - Display time, health, vehicle fuel and other things as a progressive bar.
- **[weapon-data](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-weapon-data)** - Finely tuned, customisable weapon data.
- **[MV_Youtube](https://github.com/MichaelBelgium/MV_Youtube)** - Youtube Converter API for Audio Stream.
- **[MySQL Prepared Statements](https://github.com/PatrickGTR/MySQL-Prepared-Statements)** - Emulating Prepared Statement for PAWN MySQL plugin.
- **[samp-server-weapons](https://github.com/Brunoo16/samp-server-weapons)** - Weapons totally controlled by the server.
- **[actor_robbery](https://github.com/PatrickGTR/actor_robbery)** - Inspired by GTA V store robbery. actor_robbery.inc imitates it!
- **[samp-aviation](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-aviation)** - A basic pitch-based altitude and roll-based heading autopilot for SA-MP.
- **[samp-logger](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-logger)** - Simple structured logger which provides a simple set of functions for logging and debugging.
- **[TDW Recursion Scanner](https://github.com/tdworg/samp-include-rscan)** - A library that finds the recursions in code.
- **[easyDialog](https://github.com/Awsomedude/easyDialog)** - Make dialogs easier to use in general.
- **[mdialog](https://github.com/Open-GTO/mdialog)** - Modern Dialog System, simillar to easyDialog.
- **[Model Sizes Plus](https://github.com/Crayder/Model-Sizes-Plus)** - Updated, advanced, more precise version of the old modelsizes include.
- **[physics.inc](https://github.com/uPeppe/physics.inc)** - Simulate 2D and 3D physics (realistic movements, collisions, and more).
- **[samp-async-dialogs](https://github.com/AGraber/samp-async-dialogs)** - Asynchronous dialog handling with PawnPlus tasks.
- **[speedcap.inc](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/blob/master/includes/speedcap.inc)** - A libraries to control speed of vehicles.
- **[SA:MP Command Guess](https://github.com/Kirima2nd/samp-command-guess)** - A command guesser for SA:MP using Levenshtein Distance function.
- **[vending](https://github.com/wuzi/vending)** - Server-side vending machines for SA-MP.
- **[strlib](https://github.com/oscar-broman/strlib)** - A list of useful string functions.
- **[mathutil](https://github.com/ScavengeSurvive/mathutil)** - A list of useful mathematical functions.
- **[rotations.inc](https://github.com/sampctl/rotations.inc)** - A list of useful rotartion functions by Nero_3D's rotations.inc.
- **[SA-MP Distance Functions](https://github.com/Y-Less/samp-distance)** - A list of useful distancing check functions.
- **[New SA-MP callbacks](https://github.com/emmet-jones/New-SA-MP-callbacks)** - A list of useful new callback functions.
- **[Alternative Dialogs](https://github.com/NexiusTailer/Alternative-Dialogs)** - Textdraw dialogs with a new design.
- **[eSelection](https://github.com/TommyB123/eSelection)** - Adds the ability to create dynamic model selection menus in your SA-MP gamemodes.
- **[mSelection](https://github.com/alextwothousand/mSelection)** - Same as eSelection, but different style.
- **[RGB-Textdraw](https://github.com/adib-yg/SAMP-RGB-Textdraw)** - Adds RGB to textdraw.

## Command Processors

- **[I-ZCMD](https://github.com/YashasSamaga/I-ZCMD)** - Improved version of ZCMD.
- **[Pawn.CMD](https://github.com/katursis/Pawn.CMD)** - Faster than any other command.
- **[y_commands](https://github.com/pawn-lang/YSI-Includes/blob/5.x/YSI_Visual/y_commands.md)** - Command processor from YSI Includes

## Plugins

- **[JIT](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-jit)** - Once your code is stable, use this to speed it up significantly.
- **[CrashDetect](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-crashdetect)** - Development tool to find bugs during testing.
- **[Profiler](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-profiler)** - Performance profiler plugin for SA-MP server.
- **[sscanf](https://github.com/Y-Less/sscanf)** - Convert strings to multiple values, ints, floats, players, etc.
- **[MySQL Plugin](https://github.com/pBlueG/SA-MP-MySQL)** - Connect your server to a MySQL server.
- **[Streamer Plugin](https://github.com/samp-incognito/samp-streamer-plugin)** - Bypass many SA:MP limits, like objects and pickups.
- **[nativechecker](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/raw/master/plugins/nativechecker.zip)** - Checking natives when server starts.
- **[FCNPC](https://github.com/ziggi/FCNPC)** - A plugin for SA-MP servers which adds a lot of capabilities to the existing standard NPCs.
- **[FileManager](https://github.com/JaTochNietDan/SA-MP-FileManager)** - Allows you to manage files and folders from root folder (not limited to the scriptfiles server directory with this plugin).
- **[Pawn.Raknet](https://github.com/katursis/Pawn.RakNet)** - Allows you to analyze RakNet traffic.
- **[samp-precise-timers](https://github.com/bmisiak/samp-precise-timers)** - A plugin for SA-MP providing precise timers, written in Rust.
- **[PawnPlus](https://github.com/IllidanS4/PawnPlus)** - Extends the possibilities of the Pawn scripting language with new constructs, data types, and programming techniques.
- **[PAWN memory access](https://github.com/BigETI/pawn-memory)** - Allows to allocate and free memory from heap in PAWN.
- **[Native Fallback](https://github.com/IllidanS4/NativeFallback)** - SA-MP plugin that provides fallback implementation to unregistered natives.
- **[YSF](https://github.com/IllidanS4/YSF)** - A Plugin whose purpose is to pull out maximum possibilities from the server, mainly with memory editing and hooking.
- **[SKY](https://github.com/oscar-broman/SKY)** - This plugin provides low-level functions to let Pawn scripts do powerful things.
- **[Pawn.Regex](https://github.com/katursis/Pawn.Regex)** - Adds support for regular expressions in Pawn.
- **[pawn-scraper](https://github.com/Sreyas-Sreelal/pawn-scraper)** - A powerful scraper plugin that provides interface for utlising html_parsers and css selectors in pawn.
- **[TOTP](https://github.com/philip1337/samp-plugin-totp)** - Allows you to use TOTP authentication in a sa-mp gamemode.
- **[DNS Plugin](https://github.com/samp-incognito/samp-dns-plugin)** - This plugin provides functionality for DNS lookups and reverse DNS lookups.
- **[MapAndreas](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-plugin-mapandreas)** - Allows you to load different height maps and check the min height for x,y coordinates.
- **[ColAndreas](https://github.com/Pottus/ColAndreas)** - Creates a simulation of the San Andreas world. Using the Bullet Physics library.
- **[PathFinder](https://bitbucket.org/Pamdex/pathfinder/src/master)** - Allows you to calculate a route from point A to B on the San Andreas map.
- **[Custom Query Flood Check](https://github.com/spmn/samp-custom-query-flood-check)** - Write custom protections against query flood.
- **[sampml](https://github.com/YashasSamaga/sampml)** - Simplified machine learning toolkit and associated SAMP projects (Aimbot Detection).
- **[TgConnector](https://github.com/Sreyas-Sreelal/tgconnector)** - A telegram connector plugin that helps to interact with telgram bots through SA-MP.
- **[Discord connector](https://github.com/maddinat0r/samp-discord-connector)** - Allows you to control a Discord bot from within your PAWN script.
- **[TSConnector](https://github.com/maddinat0r/samp-tsconnector)** - Allows you to control a Teamspeak3 Server from from within your PAWN script.
- **[IRC Plugin](https://github.com/samp-incognito/samp-irc-plugin)** - Allows for the creation and management of IRC bots through the SA-MP server.
- **[pawn-requests](https://github.com/Southclaws/pawn-requests)** - Provides an API for interacting with HTTP(S) APIs with support for text and JSON data types.
- **[pawn-redis](https://github.com/Southclaws/pawn-redis)** - Granting access to a fast in-memory database and asynchronous message channels between other programs.
- **[Chrono](https://github.com/Southclaws/pawn-chrono)** - A modern Pawn library for working with dates and times.
- **[rustext](https://github.com/ziggi/rustext)** - Fix Russian text plugin for SA-MP: GameText's, TextDraw's and Menu's.
- **[Advanced SA NickName](https://github.com/KrYpToDeN/Advanced-SA-NickName)** - Support for any symbols in nicknames.
- **[SAMPSON](https://github.com/Hual/SAMPSON)** - A JSON plugin for SA-MP.

## Client-Server Plugins

- **[SA-MP+](https://github.com/Hual/SA-MP-Plus)** - A client modification that uses SA-MP's plugin SDK to interact with the server and add new features.
- **[CHandling](https://github.com/dotSILENT/chandling)** - Adds the ability to assign vehicle handlings to individual vehicles by modifying the default behaviour of the game.
- **[SAMPVOICE](https://github.com/CyberMor/sampvoice)** - Implementing voice communication systems in the Pawn language for SA:MP servers.
- **[KeyListener](https://github.com/CyberMor/keylistener)** - Client-server plugin to track the pressing of any key.
- **[SAMP CEF](https://github.com/ZOTTCE/samp-cef)** - Client and server plugins for SA:MP to embed CEF.
- **[SAMP_AC_v2](https://github.com/Whitetigerswt/SAMP_AC_v2)** - SA:MP Client Side Anti-Cheat.

## Crypto Plugins

- **[whirlpool](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-whirlpool)** - Whirlpool Cryptographic plugin for SA:MP.
- **[bcrypt](https://github.com/LassiR/bcrypt-samp)** - Bcrypt Cryptographic plugin for SA:MP.
- **[samp-crypto](https://github.com/alextwothousand/samp-crypto)** - A list of cryptographic functions such as Argon2, Scrypt, and Bcrypt for SA:MP.
- **[SHA512](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/raw/master/plugins/SHA512.zip)** - SHA512 Cryptographic plugin for SA:MP.

## GDK/SDKs

Now you can make your scripts in languages other than pawn without any plugin using open.mp. See [this blog post](https://www.open.mp/blog/release-candidate-1)

- **[sampsdk](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-sdk)** - This is the bare minium that you need to develop plugins.
- **[sampgdk](https://github.com/Zeex/sampgdk)** - C/C++ Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[SampSharp](https://github.com/ikkentim/SampSharp)** - C# Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[.NET Plugin](https://github.com/Seregamil/.NET-plugin)** - C# Language Support for writing a plugin for SA:MP
- **[sampgo](https://github.com/sampgo/sampgo)** - Go Language Support for writing a gamemode/plugins for SA:MP
- **[samp-node](https://github.com/AmyrAhmady/samp-node)** - Javascript/Typescript Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[Shoebill Project](https://github.com/Shoebill/ShoebillPlugin)** - Java Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[pySAMP](https://github.com/habecker/PySAMP)** - Python Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[samp-rs](https://github.com/ZOTTCE/samp-rs)** - Rust Language Support for writing a plugin for SA:MP
- **[Yet Another Lua Plugin](https://github.com/IllidanS4/YALP)** - Lua Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[SAMPHP](https://github.com/Lapayo/SAMPHP)** - PHP Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[SA-MP S[D]K](https://github.com/Hual/SA-MP-S-D-K)** - D Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[Kamp](https://github.com/Double-O-Seven/kamp)** - Kotlin Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP

## Game Modes

- **[Example Gamemode](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/example-gamemodes)** - Lists of gamemodes that are compatible with open.mp.
- **[ScavengeSurvive](https://github.com/Southclaws/ScavengeSurvive)** - Based PvP Survival Gamemode.
- **[gta-open](https://github.com/PatrickGTR/gta-open)** - A Cops and robbers mode based in Los Santos.
- **[SF-CnR](https://github.com/zeelorenc/sf-cnr)** - San Fierro Cops And Robbers Gamemode for SA-MP.
- **[Next Generation Roleplay](https://github.com/NextGenerationGamingLLC/SA-MP-Development)** - The Next Generation Gaming, LLC SA:MP Gamemode.
- **[SC-RP](https://github.com/seanny/SC-RP)** - A Roleplay Gamemode with MySQL support.

## Filterscripts

- **[MapFix](https://github.com/NexiusTailer/MapFix)** - Texture bug fixes of the GTA San Andreas map.
- **[SA:MP Animbrowse](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-animbrowse)** - Animation browser tool for SA:MP.
- **[IsPlayerUsingAndroid](https://github.com/Fairuz-Afdhal/IsPlayerUsingAndroid)** - Checks if a player is an android user.
- **[TextDraw-Editor](https://github.com/Nickk888SAMP/TextDraw-Editor)** - A TextDraw editor which have some rich features.
- **[Ultimate Creator](https://github.com/NexiusTailer/Ultimate-Creator)** - Advanced map editor with a lot of features.
- **[Fusez's Map Editor](https://github.com/fusez/Map-Editor-V3)** - An In-Game map editor for SA:MP.
- **[Texture Studio](https://github.com/Pottus/Texture-Studio)** - This is an in game map editor that will let you texture up to material index 15 (16 materials) as well as set color for that material index on objects.

Commit message:

Add some open.mp specific bits

docs/awesome.md, after:

---
title: Awesome
description: A curated list of useful tools, libraries, gamemodes, filterscripts and plugins for SA-MP development.
---

## Tools

- **[Community Compiler](https://github.com/pawn-lang/compiler)** - A vastly updated version of the compiler, with many fixes and enhancements.
- **[sampctl](https://github.com/Southclaws/sampctl)** - Package manager for installing libraries and running your server.
- **[Plugin Runner](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-runner)** - Tool to run a lightweight version of the server directly from command-line (no server.cfg required) for testing plugins.
- **[Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-plugin-boilerplate)** - Making a plugin easier with boilerplate.
- **[SA:MP Plugin Template Library](https://github.com/katursis/samp-ptl)** - Making your own plugins very easy and fast with this template library.
- **[SA-MP Fiddle](https://fiddle.sa-mp.dev)** - A place to test your scripts (snippets, PoC, debugging, etc) and share it to others.
- **[Pawn Syntax - Sublime](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Pawn%20syntax)** - Pawn autocompletes for Sublime Text.
- **[Pawn Syntax - Visual Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=southclaws.vscode-pawn)** - Pawn autocompletes for Visual Studio Code.
- **[SA-MP Zone Editor](https://bitbucket.org/Grimrandomer/samp-zone-editor/downloads)** - Zone Editor for making Area and stuff.
- **[SA-MP Map Editor](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/raw/master/tools/Map%20Editor.zip)** - Popular Map Editor for SA:MP.
- **[open.mp Server Browser](https://github.com/adib-yg/openmp-server-browser)** - open.mp server browser GUI for Desktop.

## Libraries

- **[samp-stdlib](https://github.com/pawn-lang/samp-stdlib)** - Updated versions of the default includes. `const`-correct, documented, and complete.
- **[fixes.inc](https://github.com/pawn-lang/sa-mp-fixes)** - Extremely optmised fixes for a huge number of SA:MP server bugs. Plug-and-play.
- **[YSI-Includes](https://github.com/pawn-lang/YSI-Includes)** - The oldest, largest, most tested, and well supported library for SA:MP/pawn, providing a huge number of new game and language features.
- **[foreach](https://github.com/Open-GTO/foreach)** - foreach standalone include (non y_iterate version).
- **[amx_assembly](https://github.com/Zeex/amx_assembly)** - Low-level access to the pawn script itself.
- **[md-sort](https://github.com/oscar-broman/md-sort)** - Sort multi-dimensional arrays in Pawn. Modifies the array's internal pointers instead of copying around data.
- **[indirection](https://github.com/Y-Less/indirection)** - System for passing pointers and calling functions indirectly, with abstract methods to customise calls.
- **[code-parse.inc](https://github.com/Y-Less/code-parse.inc)** - Parse and customise pawn code at compile-time.
- **[Extended Vehicle Information](https://github.com/Vince0789/sa-mp-extended-vehicle-information)** - Large amounts of vehicle flags from single player into an SQLite Database.
- **[sqlitei](https://github.com/oscar-broman/sqlitei)** - High-level API for the SA-MP SQLite functions.
- **[weapon-config](https://github.com/oscar-broman/samp-weapon-config)** - More consistent and responsive damage system with many new features.
- **[samp-geoip](https://github.com/Southclaws/SAMP-geoip)** - Geographical information based on IP Address.
- **[progress2](https://github.com/Southclaws/progress2)** - Display time, health, vehicle fuel and other things as a progressive bar.
- **[weapon-data](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-weapon-data)** - Finely tuned, customisable weapon data.
- **[MV_Youtube](https://github.com/MichaelBelgium/MV_Youtube)** - Youtube Converter API for Audio Stream.
- **[MySQL Prepared Statements](https://github.com/PatrickGTR/MySQL-Prepared-Statements)** - Emulating Prepared Statement for PAWN MySQL plugin.
- **[samp-server-weapons](https://github.com/Brunoo16/samp-server-weapons)** - Weapons totally controlled by the server.
- **[actor_robbery](https://github.com/PatrickGTR/actor_robbery)** - Inspired by GTA V store robbery. actor_robbery.inc imitates it!
- **[samp-aviation](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-aviation)** - A basic pitch-based altitude and roll-based heading autopilot for SA-MP.
- **[samp-logger](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-logger)** - Simple structured logger which provides a simple set of functions for logging and debugging.
- **[TDW Recursion Scanner](https://github.com/tdworg/samp-include-rscan)** - A library that finds the recursions in code.
- **[easyDialog](https://github.com/Awsomedude/easyDialog)** - Make dialogs easier to use in general.
- **[mdialog](https://github.com/Open-GTO/mdialog)** - Modern Dialog System, simillar to easyDialog.
- **[Model Sizes Plus](https://github.com/Crayder/Model-Sizes-Plus)** - Updated, advanced, more precise version of the old modelsizes include.
- **[physics.inc](https://github.com/uPeppe/physics.inc)** - Simulate 2D and 3D physics (realistic movements, collisions, and more).
- **[samp-async-dialogs](https://github.com/AGraber/samp-async-dialogs)** - Asynchronous dialog handling with PawnPlus tasks.
- **[speedcap.inc](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/blob/master/includes/speedcap.inc)** - A libraries to control speed of vehicles.
- **[SA:MP Command Guess](https://github.com/Kirima2nd/samp-command-guess)** - A command guesser for SA:MP using Levenshtein Distance function.
- **[vending](https://github.com/wuzi/vending)** - Server-side vending machines for SA-MP.
- **[strlib](https://github.com/oscar-broman/strlib)** - A list of useful string functions.
- **[mathutil](https://github.com/ScavengeSurvive/mathutil)** - A list of useful mathematical functions.
- **[rotations.inc](https://github.com/sampctl/rotations.inc)** - A list of useful rotartion functions by Nero_3D's rotations.inc.
- **[SA-MP Distance Functions](https://github.com/Y-Less/samp-distance)** - A list of useful distancing check functions.
- **[New SA-MP callbacks](https://github.com/emmet-jones/New-SA-MP-callbacks)** - A list of useful new callback functions.
- **[Alternative Dialogs](https://github.com/NexiusTailer/Alternative-Dialogs)** - Textdraw dialogs with a new design.
- **[eSelection](https://github.com/TommyB123/eSelection)** - Adds the ability to create dynamic model selection menus in your SA-MP gamemodes.
- **[mSelection](https://github.com/alextwothousand/mSelection)** - Same as eSelection, but different style.
- **[RGB-Textdraw](https://github.com/adib-yg/SAMP-RGB-Textdraw)** - Adds RGB to textdraw.

## Command Processors

- **[I-ZCMD](https://github.com/YashasSamaga/I-ZCMD)** - Improved version of ZCMD.
- **[Pawn.CMD](https://github.com/katursis/Pawn.CMD)** - Faster than any other command.
- **[y_commands](https://github.com/pawn-lang/YSI-Includes/blob/5.x/YSI_Visual/y_commands.md)** - Command processor from YSI Includes

## Plugins

- **[JIT](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-jit)** - Once your code is stable, use this to speed it up significantly.
- **[CrashDetect](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-crashdetect)** - Development tool to find bugs during testing.
- **[Profiler](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-profiler)** - Performance profiler plugin for SA-MP server.
- **[sscanf](https://github.com/Y-Less/sscanf)** - Convert strings to multiple values, ints, floats, players, etc.
- **[MySQL Plugin](https://github.com/pBlueG/SA-MP-MySQL)** - Connect your server to a MySQL server.
- **[Streamer Plugin](https://github.com/samp-incognito/samp-streamer-plugin)** - Bypass many SA:MP limits, like objects and pickups.
- **[nativechecker](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/raw/master/plugins/nativechecker.zip)** - Checking natives when server starts.
- **[FCNPC](https://github.com/ziggi/FCNPC)** - A plugin for SA-MP servers which adds a lot of capabilities to the existing standard NPCs. It does not work in open.mp.
- **[FileManager](https://github.com/JaTochNietDan/SA-MP-FileManager)** - Allows you to manage files and folders from root folder (not limited to the scriptfiles server directory with this plugin).
- **[Pawn.Raknet](https://github.com/katursis/Pawn.RakNet)** - Allows you to analyze RakNet traffic.
- **[samp-precise-timers](https://github.com/bmisiak/samp-precise-timers)** - A plugin for SA-MP providing precise timers, written in Rust. It is not needed in open.mp, as open.mp is provided with precise timers.
- **[PawnPlus](https://github.com/IllidanS4/PawnPlus)** - Extends the possibilities of the Pawn scripting language with new constructs, data types, and programming techniques.
- **[PAWN memory access](https://github.com/BigETI/pawn-memory)** - Allows to allocate and free memory from heap in PAWN.
- **[Native Fallback](https://github.com/IllidanS4/NativeFallback)** - SA-MP plugin that provides fallback implementation to unregistered natives.
- **[YSF](https://github.com/IllidanS4/YSF)** - A Plugin whose purpose is to pull out maximum possibilities from the server, mainly with memory editing and hooking. Many of its functions are now already in open.mp. See [this github issue](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/open.mp/issues/189) for a list of functions.
- **[SKY](https://github.com/oscar-broman/SKY)** - This plugin provides low-level functions to let Pawn scripts do powerful things.
- **[Pawn.Regex](https://github.com/katursis/Pawn.Regex)** - Adds support for regular expressions in Pawn.
- **[pawn-scraper](https://github.com/Sreyas-Sreelal/pawn-scraper)** - A powerful scraper plugin that provides interface for utlising html_parsers and css selectors in pawn.
- **[TOTP](https://github.com/philip1337/samp-plugin-totp)** - Allows you to use TOTP authentication in a sa-mp gamemode.
- **[DNS Plugin](https://github.com/samp-incognito/samp-dns-plugin)** - This plugin provides functionality for DNS lookups and reverse DNS lookups.
- **[MapAndreas](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-plugin-mapandreas)** - Allows you to load different height maps and check the min height for x,y coordinates.
- **[ColAndreas](https://github.com/Pottus/ColAndreas)** - Creates a simulation of the San Andreas world. Using the Bullet Physics library.
- **[PathFinder](https://bitbucket.org/Pamdex/pathfinder/src/master)** - Allows you to calculate a route from point A to B on the San Andreas map.
- **[Custom Query Flood Check](https://github.com/spmn/samp-custom-query-flood-check)** - Write custom protections against query flood.
- **[sampml](https://github.com/YashasSamaga/sampml)** - Simplified machine learning toolkit and associated SAMP projects (Aimbot Detection).
- **[TgConnector](https://github.com/Sreyas-Sreelal/tgconnector)** - A telegram connector plugin that helps to interact with telgram bots through SA-MP.
- **[Discord connector](https://github.com/maddinat0r/samp-discord-connector)** - Allows you to control a Discord bot from within your PAWN script.
- **[TSConnector](https://github.com/maddinat0r/samp-tsconnector)** - Allows you to control a Teamspeak3 Server from from within your PAWN script.
- **[IRC Plugin](https://github.com/samp-incognito/samp-irc-plugin)** - Allows for the creation and management of IRC bots through the SA-MP server.
- **[pawn-requests](https://github.com/Southclaws/pawn-requests)** - Provides an API for interacting with HTTP(S) APIs with support for text and JSON data types.
- **[pawn-redis](https://github.com/Southclaws/pawn-redis)** - Granting access to a fast in-memory database and asynchronous message channels between other programs.
- **[Chrono](https://github.com/Southclaws/pawn-chrono)** - A modern Pawn library for working with dates and times.
- **[rustext](https://github.com/ziggi/rustext)** - Fix Russian text plugin for SA-MP: GameText's, TextDraw's and Menu's.
- **[Advanced SA NickName](https://github.com/KrYpToDeN/Advanced-SA-NickName)** - Support for any symbols in nicknames.
- **[SAMPSON](https://github.com/Hual/SAMPSON)** - A JSON plugin for SA-MP.

## Client-Server Plugins

- **[SA-MP+](https://github.com/Hual/SA-MP-Plus)** - A client modification that uses SA-MP's plugin SDK to interact with the server and add new features.
- **[CHandling](https://github.com/dotSILENT/chandling)** - Adds the ability to assign vehicle handlings to individual vehicles by modifying the default behaviour of the game.
- **[SAMPVOICE](https://github.com/CyberMor/sampvoice)** - Implementing voice communication systems in the Pawn language for SA:MP servers.
- **[KeyListener](https://github.com/CyberMor/keylistener)** - Client-server plugin to track the pressing of any key.
- **[SAMP CEF](https://github.com/ZOTTCE/samp-cef)** - Client and server plugins for SA:MP to embed CEF.
- **[SAMP_AC_v2](https://github.com/Whitetigerswt/SAMP_AC_v2)** - SA:MP Client Side Anti-Cheat.

## Crypto Plugins

- **[whirlpool](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-whirlpool)** - Whirlpool Cryptographic plugin for SA:MP.
- **[bcrypt](https://github.com/LassiR/bcrypt-samp)** - Bcrypt Cryptographic plugin for SA:MP.
- **[samp-crypto](https://github.com/alextwothousand/samp-crypto)** - A list of cryptographic functions such as Argon2, Scrypt, and Bcrypt for SA:MP.
- **[SHA512](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/archive/raw/master/plugins/SHA512.zip)** - SHA512 Cryptographic plugin for SA:MP.

## GDK/SDKs

Now you can make your scripts in languages other than pawn without any plugin using open.mp. See [this blog post](https://www.open.mp/blog/release-candidate-1)

- **[sampsdk](https://github.com/Zeex/samp-plugin-sdk)** - This is the bare minium that you need to develop plugins.
- **[sampgdk](https://github.com/Zeex/sampgdk)** - C/C++ Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[SampSharp](https://github.com/ikkentim/SampSharp)** - C# Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[.NET Plugin](https://github.com/Seregamil/.NET-plugin)** - C# Language Support for writing a plugin for SA:MP
- **[sampgo](https://github.com/sampgo/sampgo)** - Go Language Support for writing a gamemode/plugins for SA:MP
- **[samp-node](https://github.com/AmyrAhmady/samp-node)** - Javascript/Typescript Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[Shoebill Project](https://github.com/Shoebill/ShoebillPlugin)** - Java Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[pySAMP](https://github.com/habecker/PySAMP)** - Python Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[samp-rs](https://github.com/ZOTTCE/samp-rs)** - Rust Language Support for writing a plugin for SA:MP
- **[Yet Another Lua Plugin](https://github.com/IllidanS4/YALP)** - Lua Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[SAMPHP](https://github.com/Lapayo/SAMPHP)** - PHP Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[SA-MP S[D]K](https://github.com/Hual/SA-MP-S-D-K)** - D Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP
- **[Kamp](https://github.com/Double-O-Seven/kamp)** - Kotlin Language Support for writing a gamemode for SA:MP

## Game Modes

- **[Example Gamemode](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/example-gamemodes)** - Lists of gamemodes that are compatible with open.mp.
- **[ScavengeSurvive](https://github.com/Southclaws/ScavengeSurvive)** - Based PvP Survival Gamemode.
- **[gta-open](https://github.com/PatrickGTR/gta-open)** - A Cops and robbers mode based in Los Santos.
- **[SF-CnR](https://github.com/zeelorenc/sf-cnr)** - San Fierro Cops And Robbers Gamemode for SA-MP.
- **[Next Generation Roleplay](https://github.com/NextGenerationGamingLLC/SA-MP-Development)** - The Next Generation Gaming, LLC SA:MP Gamemode.
- **[SC-RP](https://github.com/seanny/SC-RP)** - A Roleplay Gamemode with MySQL support.

## Filterscripts

- **[MapFix](https://github.com/NexiusTailer/MapFix)** - Texture bug fixes of the GTA San Andreas map.
- **[SA:MP Animbrowse](https://github.com/Southclaws/samp-animbrowse)** - Animation browser tool for SA:MP.
- **[IsPlayerUsingAndroid](https://github.com/Fairuz-Afdhal/IsPlayerUsingAndroid)** - Checks if a player is an android user.
- **[TextDraw-Editor](https://github.com/Nickk888SAMP/TextDraw-Editor)** - A TextDraw editor which have some rich features.
- **[Ultimate Creator](https://github.com/NexiusTailer/Ultimate-Creator)** - Advanced map editor with a lot of features.
- **[Fusez's Map Editor](https://github.com/fusez/Map-Editor-V3)** - An In-Game map editor for SA:MP.
- **[Texture Studio](https://github.com/Pottus/Texture-Studio)** - This is an in game map editor that will let you texture up to material index 15 (16 materials) as well as set color for that material index on objects.
